Hello and welcome to the section for Windows users you might ask yourself.
Wait hold on a sec who is this guy.
This is not Andre.
Did I pick the wrong course.
Don't worry you are on the right course.
Let me introduce myself and Wolfgang you might know me already from the Q and A or from this court.
I work full stock developer in 2010.
Since 2011 I've worked as a paramedic.
I also enrolled in this course in February 2000 18 and finished it on April 2018.
Andrei gave me back my passion again about full stock development.
I made our project work on my computer and helped.
Also a few students to make it work for them.
Now I got this great opportunity to show you how you can make all the tools that you need throughout
this course work on your system.
Enough about me.
Let us dive into the first lecture where we talk about the installation of good on Windows.
I'll see you in the next one.